[singing voice] Aniplex.
[rain pattering]
[brakes hissing]
[footsteps]
[engine revving]
[gasps]
[Man] Young master!
[Woman] It's so nice to see you!
[Man] Good morning.
Sorry for intruding.
Where can I find Chief Ushiyama?
[Kinji] Look no further.
I'm right here.
Please accept my apologies
for coming to see you
when I know you're so busy.
Hold on.
You don't have to apologize.
Everyone here is subordinate
to you, remember?
[Kinji] Consider what example
that sets around the office.
We can't have the great
Mr. Silver acting too humbly.
It's a huge honor for us all
to develop the technology
of tomorrow under
your leadership.
There'd be no Taurus Silver
without Mr. Taurus.
After all,
you are the head
of this facility.
If we hadn't had
your technical prowess,
the loop cast system
would never exist.
Hey, enough of this.
Well, time's a‐wastin'.
Why don't we get
to our business now?
Okay, Mr. Ushiyama.
For today's prototype,
this is it.
[Kinji] By any chance,
is this...
A flying device?
Amazing.
Indeed.
I took the hardware mock up
that you built back home with me
and then programmed
a spell activation sequence
into it.
Sustained gravity control.
Tetsu, how many T7 models
do we have here?
That'd be ten, sir.
You idiot!
Why didn't you refill the stash?
[Kinji] Go get all the ones
we do have!
Yes, sir!
[Kinji] This is a flying spell!
The history of modern magic
is about to change forever!
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[Man] All systems go.
[Kinji] Begin the test.
Right.
[magical whooshing]
[clicking and whirring]
[Man] We have liftoff!
[computers beeping]
[Woman] No signs of spikes
in ground contact pressure due
to the reaction force.
[Man] Margin of error within
acceptable parameters.
[Woman] CAD operation
appears stable.
[Man] Acceleration rate
decreasing.
Zero.
Speed now stable.
Upward acceleration rate
is now negative.
No acceleration.
He stopped.
[beeping]
[Woman] Horizontal acceleration
has been detected.
Keep on going.
Look, he's moving.
He's really flying!
Speed is stable.
He's moving horizontally
three feet per second.
[Man] Tester One
to observation deck.
At this moment,
I am walking through the air.
No, I'm flying across the sky!
I'm‐‐I'm free!
[all gasping]
[all grunting]
‐ [Man] We really did it!
‐ [Man 2] Mission successful!
[Kinji] Congratulations to you,
young master.
[chuckles]
[Tatsyua] Thank you very much.
[Kinji] You guys,
you're not all really
that stupid, right?
Starting a game of tag
in midair?
Really?
There's no way that you
can use sustained
gravity control type magic
for that long!
As I thought.
Successive processing,
Where the activation sequence
is too stressful
if left like this.
Well obviously compared to you
and our princess over here,
just a scant amount of psions
are available when it comes
to your average magician.
The CAD's automatic
psion absorption process,
we need to make
it more efficient.
Don't worry!
I can figure that out on my end.
If the hardware does more
of the processing,
it should lighten the load.
In fact...
I was planning to consult you
on that very matter.
[scoffs]
You don't say?
[Kinji] This is truly an honor.
Hmm?
[door slides closed]
[Aoki] Well, well, Miss Miyuki.
It certainly has been a while.
Long time no see,
Mr. Aoki.
And father,
you look well.
Thank you.
Mr. Aoki, you do realize I'm not
the only one here, don't you?
If I might remind you,
young miss,
taking into consideration that I
am the Yotsuba family's butler,
I can't be expected to bow
my head to one as lowly
as a mere bodyguard.
After all, order does exist
within polite society.
He's my older brother!
[Aoki] Forgive me
for saying so,
but everyone
in the Yotsuba household wishes
for you to succeed
as the next head.
Your station in life
is on quite a different level
than that mere escort
standing there beside you.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Tatsuya] Hold on, Mr. Aoki.
[gasps]
Maybe it's rude for a bodyguard
to interrupt a butler...
but those are extremely
serious claims you're making.
‐ [scoffs]
‐ [Tatsyua] What you just said
about the next head
of the Yotsuba household,
don't you think you're being
far too unfair towards
the other candidates?
Or have you come bearing news?
Has my aunt already announced
her successor?
[grunts]
Miss Maya has not yet voiced
who she intends
to make her heir.
I am truly astonished.
You,
the fourth highest ranked member
of the Yotsuba household,
it would seem you
just planted speculation into
the head of a candidate
who's up for succession.
Curious.
So tell me,
who do you think
is being disruptive,
I wonder?
[grunts]
It's not speculation.
We're all on the same page
so that we can relate
to one another.
Though a heartless
bogus magician like yourself
can't hope to grasp the concept.
[gasps]
[low humming]
[shuddering]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Tatsuya] This bogus magician
you speak of was created
by my mother Miya Shiba,
elder sister of Maya Yotsuba,
a current head
of the Yotsuba family
who you serve.
The former Miya Yotsuba,
that is.
[whimpers]
By not acknowledging me
and then insulting me,
you're also disrespecting
the current head
of the Yotsuba family
and her sister.
[stammering]
[Tatsurou] Tatsuya,
that's enough.
[gasps]
Watch what you say.
Don't besmirch her mother.
[Tatsurou] Not that your hatred
of her
isn't totally unwarranted,
of course.
[exhales]
[Tatsurou] Tatsuya.
[Tatsuya] No, Dad.
You've got it all wrong.
I don't harbor any hatred
for Mom at all.
Is‐‐is that right?
[Tatsuya] I don't have
a heart capable of hate.
All that I Have left now is...
[Boy] Good morning!
We heard the news, man!
That's so awesome for you!
Best of luck to you, Shiba!
You're an engineer?
You'll be great.
Word really does travel fast,
huh?
[Mizuki] You're right
about that.
After all,
the council only just made
the decision.
[Erika] Speaking of which,
aren't they making
the official announcement
during today's launch ceremony?
That's during fifth period,
right?
Tatsuya, are you taking part
in that?
Yeah.
There are no other
course two students?
Word on the street
is those course one blowhards
are totally pissed off about it.
[Tatsuya] Yeah, but the athletes
are all course one students.
Well, there's simply no way
of helping it.
Jealousy isn't based on reason,
after all.
Oh, you'll be fine.
Unlike recruitment week,
they won't be hurling magic
at you.
[dramatic piano music]
[applause]
[Mayumi] Next up,
from class 1A,
Miss Honoka Mitsui.
[applause]
It's pretty nerve‐wracking, huh?
It really is.
[chuckles]
[grunts and gasps]
[gasping]
[exhales]
And from class 1E,
welcome Tatsuya Shiba.
[gasps]
[applause]
And now if you would please
join me
in giving First High's finest
a nice round of applause.
[Tatsuya] I'm Shiba,
your engineer.
Aside from fine tuning CADs,
I'll be involved in creating
training regimens
and providing strategic support.
I would much rather have
a girl for my engineer.
It's all the same to me,
personally.
Just as long as they do
their job right, that is.
Oh, Eimi, knock it off!
And you as well, Subaru!
Tatsuya
has professional‐grade skills.
‐ You hear me?
‐ Honoka,
you used his first name
just now.
Is he your boyfriend
or something?
[gasps]
No, of course.
It's not like that!
Come on, Shizuku.
[Honoka] Right?
Tell them.
Yeah, I also call him
by his first name.
Seriously?
You do, too?
Can you believe your brother
has two girlfriends, Miyuki?
Both Honoka and Shizuku
are just good friends
with my brother.
‐ Just friends?
‐ That's right,
and nothing more.
[Eimi] Really?
[Miyuki] They're his friends.
[inhales and exhales sharply]
I'd like to get
this meeting started, everybody.
[distant whistle blowing]
[grunts]
[magical whirring]
[gasps]
[magical whooshing]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[grunts]
I know this scent.
[Mizuki] Spirits?
That's Yoshida.
Who's there?
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[groans]
[gasps]
[Mizuki] Tatsuya!
Calm down, Mikihiko.
I'm not trying
to start anything with you.
Understood?
[gasps]
My bad, Tatsuya.
I never had any intention
of hurting you two.
Don't worry about it.
It's Mizuki who should be
the one apologizing
for disturbing
a spell caster's composure.
Hold on!
How's this on me?
Oh, no.
This isn't her fault.
[Mikihiko] It's my inexperience.
So thanks, Tatsuya.
Because you showed up,
I avoided mistakenly injuring
Miss Shibata.
Even if I hadn't interfered,
you wouldn't actually
have hurt her.
Anyway, what were you doing?
Practicing ancient spells?
Spirit magic, was it?
[gasps]
[groans]
I guess it's too late
to try to hide it now.
It's just like you said.
I was utilizing water spirits
to practice
my summoning magic skills.
So those were water spirits
I saw?
What did they look like to you,
though?
Let's see.
There was blue,
pale blue,
and also indigo blue.
Orbs of light
in different shades of blue.
That's about all
that I could perceive.
You could distinguish
every shade?
[gasps]
Well...
[Mizuki] I, uh...
Oh, um...
‐ [Tatsuya clears throat]
‐ [both gasping]
If this is consensual,
then I'm leaving.
But if not,
we have a problem.
[both gasping]
[groans]
Sorry.
Uh, no, I should...
Apologize.
[Tatsuya] I see no reason
for you to say sorry, Mizuki.
Oh.
Really, I do apologize.
When I thought you might possess
the crystal eyes,
something came over me.
I just couldn't help myself.
It's water under the bridge,
Yoshida.
You startled me,
that's all,
so let's forget about it.
However,
it did embarrass me,
so please don't do anything
like that ever again, 'kay?
I'm so terribly sorry.
Mikihiko, did I hear
you say "crystal eyes?"
If you don't mind,
could you please explain
to me what those are?
Oh, sure.
It's not like it's a
big secret anyway.
Typically,
magicians who manipulate spirits
identify each spirit
by its color,
but it's not like we
can really see them
in the true sense of the word.
Huh?
You mean you don't perceive
the colors visually, then?
Rather, you interpret
their frequencies
by using magic?
That's well said.
How you view the colors varies
by your school of magic.
[Mikihiko] In the tradition
that I come from,
we think of water as blue
and fire as red.
Though, we're taught to make
a conscious effort
to recognize it this way
in our mind.
But Mizuki didn't even have
to try.
[Mikihiko] I"m guessing
that you're perceiving
the differences in each
individual water spirit's power
and nature as different shades
of color.
The so‐called eyes
that see God Himself
are legendary among us
spiritual magicians.
Or, the crystal eyes.
Meaning that Mizuki is exactly
the type of person
you'd do anything
to get your hands on, then.
You're right.
Or at least a year ago,
I would have,
and truth be told,
I might have claimed her all
for myself
by any means necessary.
[gasps]
Uh, don't get me wrong, though!
I‐‐I don't have those kinds
of tendencies anymore, okay?
But nevertheless,
I'm not inclined to tell
the other spell casters
that the key
to divine magic skills
exists within you.
That's a good idea.
I've decided that I'm going
to keep this information
to myself as well.
Uh, what are you talking about?
[distant cicadas chirping]
[Mayumi gasping]
I'm so sorry, everyone!
You kept us waiting, Mayumi.
Do you know that you're
an hour and a half late?
[Mayumi] I'm really sorry.
[exhales sharply]
So sorry, Tatsuya.
I feel bad you had to wait
for so long on account of me.
It's fine.
I was informed of the situation.
I hear that you had
a family emergency.
Yes.
Well, anyway, Tatsuya,
what do you think of my dress?
It's truly becoming on you.
Mean it?
You flatter me.
Although if you'd been
a bit more bashful
complimenting me,
that would have been
sheer perfection.
I can see that you're
stressed out right now.
Huh?
[Tatsuya] Being
in the Ten Master Clans
and in the Saegusa family,
no less...
[exhales]
[Tatsuya] It must weigh on you.
Now then,
let's get this bus moving.
You'll be able
to get some good rest
while we're out on the road.
Wait, um,
hey, Tatsuya!
You've misread the situation,
you know.
[engine revving]
Honestly, he is so unbelievable.
The nerve!
Just what kind
of person does he think I am?
To think I was even going
to ask him to sit next to me.
[Suzune] He did the right thing.
Uh...
In my personal opinion,
he made a good decision
to avoid falling prey
to you,
Miss Saegusa.
Hey, that's harsh!
Of course, Shiba is known
to have the rare ability
to nullify his opponents' magic.
It might be possible
your bewitching face
has no effect on the guy.
Oh, say what you want.
[Gyobu] Pardon.
So you're not feeling well,
then, chairwoman?
[Mizuki] Oh, hi, Hanzo.
Um, actually, it's not
like I'm sick or anything.
[Gyobu] You not wanting the rest
of the team to worry,
that thoughtfulness of yours,
I know it's
an admirable quality,
but please don't push yourself
to the breaking point
on our account‐‐uh...
[shudders]
[Suzune] Vice chairman Hattori!
What exactly are you staring at?
What do you mean?
I'm not looking at anything!
Well, I just thought
the chairwoman
might want a blanket
if she's sick!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Please be my guest.
[shouts]
‐ [Gyobu stammering]
‐ [exhales]
What are those guys doing,
messing around like that?
‐ [Kanon exhales]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Mari] Kanon.
‐ Yes?
It shouldn't take more
than two hours
to reach our hotel.
So, you can't even
wait that long?
Wow, that's mean of you to say.
Of course I can wait that long.
It's just that,
no offense to you,
but I was looking forward
to sitting next to Kei
on our bus trip today.
‐ Yeah, sure.
‐ And besides,
is it not perfectly natural
to wanna spend time
with your fiance?
[Kanon] First of all,
why should
the technical staff have
to take another bus?
Besides,
it's nowhere even near full.
There was no reason whatsoever
to split us up.
[Mari] Kanon, come on.
Knock it off.
[Kanon] But‐‐but it's not fair!
[exhales]
[Honoka] Hey, um, Miyuki?
Would you like some tea?
No, thank you, Honoka.
You're kind to offer.
It's just I'm not really
that thirsty.
After all,
I wasn't forced to stand outside
in this extreme heat
for almost two hours
like my poor brother was.
Oh, um, you're right.
‐ Hmm?
‐ What were you thinking,
reminding her about
her brother like that?
This time it was beyond
my control!
I'm sure that there was no need
to make him wait outside
the bus.
Why did my brother have
to needlessly suffer?
Hey, but Miyuki...
This is exactly why your brother
is such a great guy.
Nobody'd complain
if they had to wait inside
the air conditioned,
but seeing a job to the end
without slacking off
in the least even
for something tedious
like taking attendance,
not many can do that.
Yeah.
Know what I think, Miyuki?
Your brother is totally awesome.
[grunts]
You're right.
Sometimes my brother can be kind
to a fault
in the strangest of ways.
‐ [Honoka] Yes!
‐ [gasping]
[tires squealing]
[gasps]
[Kanon] Look out!
[tires squealing]
[grunts[
[all screaming]
[tires squealing]
[grunts]
Vanish!
Cease moving!
[Mari] Idiots, stop it!
[grunts]
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪